config/README.md, before:

# Cloudmos Config

This project consists of essential config files for Cloudmos.

Here's a short description of the purpose of each files.

- [Auditors](https://github.com/akash-network/cloudmos/blob/main/config/auditors.json)
  - The list of provider auditors that are listed on Cloudmos.
- [Mainnet Nodes](https://github.com/akash-network/cloudmos/blob/main/config/mainnet-nodes.json)
  - The list of api/rpc nodes for the Mainnet.
- [Testnet Nodes](https://github.com/akash-network/cloudmos/blob/main/config/testnet-nodes.json)
  - The list of api/rpc nodes for the Testnet.
- [Sandbox Nodes](https://github.com/akash-network/cloudmos/blob/main/config/sandbox-nodes.json)
  - The list of api/rpc nodes for the Sandbox.
- [Provider Attributes Doc](https://github.com/akash-network/cloudmos/blob/main/config/provider-attributes.md)
  - The documentation of the provider attribute schema, which is a reflection of the json file below.
- [Provider Attributes Json Schema](https://github.com/akash-network/cloudmos/blob/main/config/provider-attributes.json)
  - The provider attribute schema for providers to implement. It is also used throughout Cloudmos and mainly to render the provider edit form.

Commit message:

chore: renamed everything not related to api from Cloudmos to Console

config/README.md, after:

# Console Config

This project consists of essential config files for Akash Console.

Here's a short description of the purpose of each files.

- [Auditors](https://github.com/akash-network/console/blob/main/config/auditors.json)
  - The list of provider auditors that are listed on Akash Console.
- [Mainnet Nodes](https://github.com/akash-network/console/blob/main/config/mainnet-nodes.json)
  - The list of api/rpc nodes for the Mainnet.
- [Testnet Nodes](https://github.com/akash-network/console/blob/main/config/testnet-nodes.json)
  - The list of api/rpc nodes for the Testnet.
- [Sandbox Nodes](https://github.com/akash-network/console/blob/main/config/sandbox-nodes.json)
  - The list of api/rpc nodes for the Sandbox.
- [Provider Attributes Doc](https://github.com/akash-network/console/blob/main/config/provider-attributes.md)
  - The documentation of the provider attribute schema, which is a reflection of the json file below.
- [Provider Attributes Json Schema](https://github.com/akash-network/console/blob/main/config/provider-attributes.json)
  - The provider attribute schema for providers to implement. It is also used throughout Akash Console and mainly to render the provider edit form.
